Would be good to check correctness of the Pdot(t) terms, as they seem to behave strangely at small times (there's a large oscillation about 0), even though this does not seem to detrimentally impact the level populations.

Need to strip out remaining, unnecessary LIME parameters and source code files. Probably a good idea to remove all references to LIME, since so much of the code has now changed.

Move some key parameters from the code to the lime.h file, such as the optical depth cutoffs for EP method, number of supersamples during raytracting, etc.

Make the input file more user-friendly, and rewrite the code so that it does not have to be compiled every time at runtime.

Update CVODE calls to work with CVODE 6 (or whatever the latest version is) by adding SUNContext = SUNContext_Create() call, and passing the SUNContext as the last argument to CVODE (see https://computing.llnl.gov/projects/sundials/release-history).

IN PROGRESS -1. Change compilation strategy so that the code no longer has to compile every time at runtime.

0. Combine SUBLIME, SUBLIMED and SUBLIMED1D repositories due to shared code.

1. Implement capability for independent T_kin and T_rot in the collision partner rates --> requires additional dimension in the collision rate matrix. This will allow a proper calculation, accounting for NLTE excitation of the collider, which will generally be the case.

2. Get rid of the extremely annoying 0-based transition indexing, and allow the transition to be specified with the same label as in the molecular data file.
2a. Print the line frequency (or central frequency) for each image as a sanity check.

3. Remove all extraneous files and unnecessary references to LIME.

4. Allow H2O as an official collision partner and come up with a way for it to be the default partner. If not available, the default partner should be H2. Code should not be allowed to run with no collision partner. Currently, the only valid partner ID's are as follows: 1=H2, 2=para-H2, 3=ortho-H2, 4=electrons, 5=H, 6=He, 7=H+

5. Implement option to output fits images with a frequency axis instead of velocity.

6. Fix help (-h) strings to get rid of deprecated parameters (mostly applies to SUBLIMED and SUBLIMED1D, e.g. number of CPUs; ncurses options)

DONE 7. Remove code that tries to retrieve the molecular data file from LAMDA if not available locally.

8. Enable electron collisions for gases beyond gas 0.

9. Enable multiple collision partners in SUBLIME and SUBLIMED: calcGridCollRates() in solver.c only works using collision partner 0 - update gp[id].t[0] to gp[id].t[ipart] and check code for other instances of this bug. 

10. Enable smoothing (and rebinning) of the frequency axis in SUBLIME and SUBLIMED.